---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

This week was our first week back to school. On Wednesday, we went over the syllabus for the class and some basic Python code. On Friday, we were introduced to our first project, Collatz, which is due in two weeks. For extra credit, we were given the opportunity to write this weekly blog detailing our experience in the class. Besides writing blog posts and starting on the project, we also are assigned to read various papers weekly. We have a quiz at the beginning of class everyday, sometimes based on those readings. It appears we will continue going over our first project on Monday.

I have really enjoyed the class so far. The lectures are engaging and different from those of past CS classes I have taken at UT. The material is very relevant to what most of us will be doing in our internships/jobs. It is interesting to look at Python code more slowly and really think about every line of code we type, and its purpose.

We are also supposed to include a tip-of-the-week in our blog posts about something relevant to software development. Recently I read [this article](http://www.wired.com/2016/01/microsoft-outlook-app/) in Wired that raved about the Microsoft Outlook app. I previously used the [Mailbox app](https://www.mailboxapp.com/) but it is shutting down next month. I now use the Gmail mobile app, but really do miss the better mobile experience Mailbox offered. I have found it strange that there are not better mobile and desktop apps for email, when there is a great need for them. I have not tried the Microsoft Outlook app, but I am interested to see where it goes.
