---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We continued going over the Collatz project, and talked about unit tests and exceptions.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Project 1 Collatz

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Keep working on project 1 and do the readings.

On Monday, we continued going over Project 1 Collatz. For Wednesday, we were assigned various readings, all of which I found to be very interesting and insightful. Two of the readings served as reminders to take advantage of the time we have in college, something I think most of us forget to do. Especially in our major, it is easy to be overly eager to hurry and finish school and get to the real world. But we do have the rest of our lives to work, and I personally do not want to look back with regret that I did not give 100 percent to my college studies. On Wednesday, we learned more about unit testing. I enjoyed this as well because in past courses, we have been assigned projects that are graded against test scripts, but never have I really had to write my own tests. On Friday, we went over a faulty function testing for prime numbers, which was paired with faulty test functions. This emphasized the importance of writing correct test code.

My tip of the week relates to time management. Upon looking at my schedule this semester, I realized I needed to come up with a good way of keeping a schedule. I use Google Calendar, but it is not as helpful for deadlines/to-dos. So I started using [Wunderlist](https://www.wunderlist.com/) to manage homework and projects, along with other to-dos. If you are looking for an app of this sort, I would highly recommend Wunderlist. You can update your lists on the app or on the website. You simply have to type in homework due Sunday and it will automatically set a to-do that will expire on Sunday, and send reminders before that date if you so choose. 
