---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We finished up the last phase of the project and went over more refactoring.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Preparing for the presentation of our project.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Begin studying for the exam, and meet with my group to create website critiques and a presentation on our project.

This past week we went over more refactoring, and finished phase 3 of the project. I thought the search feature was interesting to implement, but not as much work as the past phases have been. The planning poker was an interesting exercise as well. We all ranked stories pretty differently, but towards the end our scores began to even out. We still have to implement the other group's API and prepare critiques of our website and theirs for our presentation Friday. In class on Monday, we went over method overriding and dynamic binding in Java. On Wednesday, we went over the Singleton pattern in Java. With this design pattern, only one instance of a class is created, but there is a global point of access to the object. We also went over reflection in both Java and Python.

My tip-of-the-week is to read [this article](http://www.newyorker.com/tech/elements/say-what-you-see-facebook?intcid=mod-latest) about Matt King, who having been blind for 20 years, had difficulties joining Facebook because of the multitude of photos lacking captions. Now he's an accessibility specialist at Facebook. He works on AI that generates spoken descriptions of photographs. You can see what it's like by enabling VoiceOver in Settings if you use Facebook on an iOS device. Overall, it's a very interesting and enlightening article. 
