---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We started working on phase 2 of the project, and learned about XML, JSON, and regular expressions.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Figuring out how to run unit tests on the database.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Meet up with my group to continue working on phase 2 of our project.

This past week we learned about XML, JSON, regular expressions, and listened to a talk by two people from Atlassian. We talked about the differences between DTD, XSD, and JSON, DTD with an untyped pointer system and coarse multiplicity system, XSD with a typed pointer system and fine multiplicity system, and JSON with no pointer system and a fine multiplicity system. An advantageous characteristic about XML is that you can put metadata into the tags in the form of attributes. JSON is nice because its structure looks similar to Python's dictionary structure. The people from Atlassian spoke about HipChat, BitBucket, JIRA, Bamboo, and Scrum. It's been interesting hearing people from various companies come talk, because a lot of them speak about the same things - agile development, version control, etc., as it's obviously a necessary component to developing software. As for phase 2 of the project, we were successful in getting all the data scraped from the Marvel API and putting it in our database. Now we are working on how to run unit tests on our database, and making our pages dynamic.

My tip-of-the-week is [Boomerang for Gmail](http://www.boomeranggmail.com/), a plugin that allows you to schedule emails to be sent at a later time, can remind you to send a followup email by marking it unread again at the time of your choosing, and can remind you if you still haven't heard back from someone. 
