---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We finished up phase 2 of the project, and learned about SQL.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Starting phase 3 of the project.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Learn more about SQL and start on phase 3 of the project.

This past week we learned about SQL queries and finished phase 2 of our project. We learned about a lot of different types of SQL joins, including cross join, inner join, left join, right join, and natural join. We learned about aliasing tables, in order to do an inner join on the same table. In addition, we learned that you can use the "using" clause if the tables you are joining have an attribute with the same name. On Friday we talked about subqueries and sets, and went over various usage examples. We discussed the usage of "distinct", "exists", and "count" as well. I took data management last semester, so this was all familiar to me, but it was nice to get a refresher.

Phase 2 of the project went pretty smoothly. While we did run into some bugs with Carina a week or so ago, we eventually figured out some steps that proved reliable in setting up the database and deploying changes to our application. I learned a lot from this phase of the project, and think that knowledge gained will be extremely useful in the future. I'm looking forward to starting on phase 3 of the project.

As for my tip-of-the-week, I read [this article](http://www.wired.com/2016/04/tool-makes-turning-data-charts-stupid-simple/), which talked about [Venngage](https://venngage.com/), a company that makes it easy for you to create infographics. They recently launched [Beam](https://beam.venngage.com/), a chart maker that is supposed to be really easy to use. If you need to make an infographic in a few seconds for some reason, I'd check this out. 
