---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We finished the Netflix project.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Studying for the exam.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Complete the readings for Wednesday and Friday.

This past week we finished the Netflix project. For us, implementing a simple solution to get the root mean squared error below .95 was not very time-consuming. However, making sure all the requirements were met took quite some time. We have already learned that it is important to triple check every test and read over every line on the spec before submitting. It is easy even for both partners to skip over something important. In class this week, we continued going over iterators and generators. It is pretty amazing what you can accomplish with one line in Python. I think that it is helpful in class when we go over code and continually make it cleaner and cleaner. Now when I am writing many lines of code, I will hopefully recognize a cleaner and more efficient way.

My tip-of-the-week is to check out [these HackPacks](https://www.treehacks.com/hackpacks) presented by Stanford. They offer a few starter packs (one for an app with the Sinatra framework, one for a Chrome extension, and one for an iOS app), that they claim take the boring parts out of building something cool. I think they made these HackPacks initially to be used at their hackathon, allowing people to get started working on something more quickly, and give some ideas as well.
