---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We went over decorators in Python and had our first exam.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Doing better on the quizzes.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Prepare more for the quizzes, and possibly start on the next project.

This past week we worked on writing the range class, learned about decorators in Python, and took our first exam. Overall, I feel like I have a much better understanding of Python at this point in the course. I was familiar with Python before, but knowing how to write a class, and understanding particularly essential Python functions have expanded my prior knowledge. I liked learning about decorators because I have been exposed to them before without fully understanding their purpose. Our first exam was just okay for me, I thought it was fair though. I did not love taking a test on Canvas, for some reason it gave me more anxiety than usual. I was not sure the best way to prepare, but I think I could have done some things differently. As a side-note, I had an interview on Friday and I had to work several problems in Python, and found things we have gone over in this class to be extremely useful.

My tip-of-the-week is to find a group of friends who would want to make GitHub commit goals. One of my friends had a goal of committing at least once a day for 365 days, and she was able to find a group of us who were willing to join in. Not only does this provide more incentive and reminder to work on side projects, but also it makes it more fun and collaborative. You are able to bounce ideas off other people, and see what work other people are doing to get inspired.
