---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We finished up phase 1 of our IDB project.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Continuing to work on the project and doing better on the quizzes.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Meet up with my group to work on phase 2 of our project.

This past week we turned in phase 1 of our IDB project. It was really fun to get to work on developing a web app. I think it's very valuable to practice quickly learning tools we are not familiar with. The biggest challenge for me was setting up the server. For some reason, we ran into a few issues that were simple fixes, but it took some time to figure out what those simple fixes were. I'm looking forward to developing our app further, and implementing the database. In addition, I'm looking forward to learning more about React, which I'm unfamiliar with. While I've liked learning the nuances of Python, I'm glad we have moved onto covering some other topics. This past week we practiced writing select, project, cross-join, theta-join, and natural-join functions.

As for my tip-of-the-week, I ran across [this article](http://www.wired.com/2016/03/gravitysketch-3-d-software/) about an app called Gravity Sketch. The article compares it to Microsoft Paint, but for 3-D creation. I was interested by 3-D sketches this past weekend after seeing some really cool projects at Design Hacks this past weekend. It seems the app has the purpose of getting more people involved in 3-D modeling with its easy interface. 
