---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We went over the Netflix project, had a guest speaker, and discussed iterators in Python.

Q: What is in your way?

A: The Netflix project

Q: What will you do next week?

A: We will work on finishing the project due Thursday.

This past week we went over a lot of different things. First, we went over the Netflix project, which I had actually previously heard about in the class I took last semester, Contemporary Issues in Computer Science. We discussed the Netflix million dollar challenge because there was a controversy due to the fact that someone, a researcher at UT in fact, de-anonymized the data they released. This showed a security problem with anonymous data. I am glad we have the opportunity to do this project though, because the challenge sounded interesting to me initially.

On Wednesday, we had a guest speaker, a former CS student at UT that now works at Main Street Hub. I always enjoy hearing people speak about their experiences post-graduation. It was interesting to hear about the company, and the work they do. I also have observed that software companies generally structure their engineering teams similarly, and I have grown curious about when certain practices came to be so universal.

On Friday, we went over iterators in Python, which I really enjoyed. Going over WHY Python has certain rules in place is very helpful.

As for my tip-of-the-week, I have heard great things about Apple Music. According to [this](http://techcrunch.com/2016/02/12/apple-music-tops-11-million-subscribers-icloud-reaches-782-million/) article, it has 11 million subscribers. It is growing very fast, which is impressive due to the presence of Spotify, so I am looking forward to trying it.
