---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We learned different ways of passing parameters to functions, and listened to a guest speaker.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Studying for the exam.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Complete the readings for Wednesday and study for the exam.

This past week we learned about different ways of passing parameters to functions. For example, we learned about passing by position, passing by name, and unpacking iterables and dictionaries, as well as the accepted order by which we can do so. While most of the rules regarding this are pretty straightforward, there were a few that were not quite as obvious. On Wednesday, we had another guest speaker, Conrad Stoll from Mutual Mobile. He builds iOS and Android applications for clients, and talked about some of the development tools he uses, as well as how we should get involved in the open source community. I thought his job sounded pretty interesting, as he seems to get to work on a lot of different projects, and has different challenges each day. In class on Friday we also worked on writing a range iterator function, and an iterator class.

As for my tip-of-the-week, I have been working on installing/configuring an ROS environment in order to go through some of the tutorials [here](http://wiki.ros.org/ROS/Tutorials). ROS is a framework for writing robot software. ROS is intended to be collaborative, linking back to what we heard Conrad Stoll talk about. I thought it sounded like a pretty interesting project to dive into.
