---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We continued going over SQL, and then moved on to talking about refactoring.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Finishing project 3, and continuing to work with Docker issues.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: Implement another group's API in our website, and continue working on implementing a search mechanism.

This past week we finished going over SQL, and started going over refactoring. I've enjoyed going over some refactoring examples, and find that to be really valuable information to learn. Our final phase of the project is due this coming Thursday. We are still having some random issues with Carina unfortunately. Everything will seem to be fine, and then the site will go down for no apparent reason, and one time our containers somehow disappeared. There was one issue that was causing the app to fail to build due to an EOF error, but luckily someone else had had this issue as well, and posted on the Docker help site about it. I've really enjoyed working on this project though, despite these issues. It's definitely been one of the most fun school projects I've had. I'm also glad to have been exposed to ReactJS, it's been really cool to learn.

For my tip-of-the-week, I recommend watching [this video](http://video.wired.com/watch/app-pack-these-apps-will-make-you-a-better-human-environmentally-speaking) about apps that can help you reduce your negative impact on the environment. It first mentioned GoodGuide, which allows you to scan a barcode to see a product's impact on the environment and community. There's also Seafood Watch, to search for sustainable fish options in your area. Lastly, with VirtualWater you can see how much water is needed to grow different foods. 
