---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

Q: What did you do this past week?

A: We went over the next project and had a presentation by an engineer at Rackspace.

Q: What is in your way?

A: Starting on the project and working out times we can all meet.

Q: What will you do next week?

A: (After spring break) we will work on the project, which is due the Thursday after break.

This past week, we began going over the next project. It involves creating a web app hosted on Rackspace that is similar to IMDB but over a different topic. Our group chose Marvel Comics as our topic. The first phase of the project is due in two weeks. The requirements for the project include documenting a RESTful API using Apiary, using Bootstrap for the GUI, using JavaScript and AngularJS or React for the frontend, using Python and Flask for the backend, and using SQLAlchemy and MySQL or PostreSQL for the DB. IMDB has pages for movies/shows and pages for people. Similarly, we will have pages for characters, comics, and creators. For phase 1, we have to collect data on our topic using the Marvel API and document our own API. We will create models using SQLAlchemy and a set of static HTML pages for three characters, three comics, and three creators. We also have to begin writing a technical report using the GitHub Wiki.

My tip-of-the-week is to check out [Google Photos](https://www.google.com/photos/about/). I am personally interested in photography, and really have only liked Adobe Lightroom for organizing my photos. However, I am interested to try Google Photos out. Your photos are private unless you want to share them, and it frees up storage on your phone. Also AI enables you to search using keywords for specific photos without having to manually tag anything. 
